Mention `otelcol.processor.deltatocumulative` in the `otelcol.exporter.prometheus` docs (#1227)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/otelcol.exporter.prometheus.md

The following are dropped during the conversion process:

* Metrics that use the delta aggregation temporality.

>   Prometheus does not support delta metrics natively.
>   If your {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} instance ingests delta OTLP metrics,
>   consider converting them to cumulative OTLP metrics using [otelcol.processor.deltatocumulative][] prior to using `otelcol.exporter.prometheus`.
> 
> [otelcol.processor.deltatocumulative]: ../otelcol.processor.deltatocumulative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  {{< admonition type="note" >}}
  Prometheus does not natively support delta metrics.
  If your {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} instance ingests delta OTLP metrics, you can convert them to cumulative OTLP metrics with [`otelcol.processor.deltatocumulative`][otelcol.processor.deltatocumulative] before you use `otelcol.exporter.prometheus`.

  [otelcol.processor.deltatocumulative]: ../otelcol.processor.deltatocumulative
  {{< /admonition >}}
```

I agree this should be an admonition.  Added this plus some grammar tweaks.
